Instructions for posting grades from gradescope to canvas for 101 homework, but NOT labs or other code assignments. Before any of these steps can be completed, ensure that you have the gradescopeToCanvas.py file downloaded. This file is available in the 101-leads -> Grading OneDrive folder that these instructions also live in. The titles of files below are important and must match exactly. If you have questions reach out to Tori directly.1.	Download the gradescope grades as gradescope.csva.	Assignment -> Review Grades -> Download Grades2.	Download the Canvas gradebook as canvas.csva.	Canvas page -> Grades -> Actions -> Export3.	In canvas.csv, delete unneeded assignment columns (all columns which are not the assignment you are posting.a.	Save and close this file4.	Delete previously existing upload.csv if one exists5.	Run in command prompt Òpy gradescopeToCanvas.pyÓ 6.	Apply special cases via directly editing the upload.csv in excela.	This requires direct calculations of late penalties based on raw gradescope score and special caseb.	If a special case uses a late pass, decrement this studentÕs Òlate passes leftÓ in Canvasc.	If the special case is for a date later than you are posting on, anyone who can still submit late for credit, but hasnÕt yet should have their score changed to empty on the upload sheet, so that Canvas stays blank instead of being a 0d.	This must occur before page flagging penalties7.	Apply page flagging penaltiesa.	First two homeworks where this is applied students get a warning email and no dockb.	This must be done manually, dock 10% starting after second homework8.	Upload the upload.csv file into the canvas gradebook, check changes, and submita.	Canvas page -> Grades -> Actions -> Importb.	Ensure the changes are visible to students9.	Publish grades on gradescope.10.	Edit gradescope regrade request settings so that regrade requests close one week after grades are posted.a.	Assignment Settings -> Regrade Requests -> Regrade Request Settings -> End Date ChangePolicies:Late Penalty: 20% per day [100%, 80%, 60%, 40%, 0%]Page Flagging Penalty: 10% of total points earned?Instructions for posting grades from gradescope to canvas for 101 Python Labs and Assessments, but NOT other assignments. If you have questions reach out to Tori directly.1.	Hide grades in Canvasa.	In the Canvas gradebook, find the assignment you are grading by searching in the ÒSearch AssignmentsÓ box for what you are gradingb.	Click the three dots next to the assignment name -> Grade Posting Policy -> Manuallyc.	Scroll down and click save2.	In the assignment in gradescope -> settings -> link to Canvas -> Select correct assignment -> ÒLink AssignmentÓ3.	In the assignment in gradescope -> ÒReview GradesÓ -> ÒPost Grades to CanvasÓa.	Wait 30-60 seconds for these to post4.	Go back to Canvas! Apply special cases...a.	The special cases for Python are in the same special cases sheet as for homework, on the second sheet of the document, named ÒPythonÓb.	Search for the assignment again if this disappeared from earlierc.	For the special cases: search all the peopleÕs names in the ÒSearch StudentsÓ so that they are all available for eased.	Check the studentÕs gradescope score and adjust it based on how long their extension was, it may still have some late penalty, but it will be lessi.	Checking their score requires opening their individual submission in Canvas to see what points they earned before the late penalty was appliede.	Decrement Òlate passes leftÓ assignment by correct amount if they used any (will be labelled in special cases sheet)5.	Set default grade to 0 in Canvasa.	Assignment settings (three dots) -> Default grade -> 0 -> Do NOT overwrite already inputted grades6.	Post grades on Canvas 7.	Publish grades on GradescopeCHECK GRADE FOR KATHERINE BISHOP GRADESCOPE LINK WRONG